hi I'm John quilter and I love bringing
music and food together and today I'm
with Newton falconer hello i'm genesis
this is my house i am in the middle of
making my fourth album and what we
decided to do is open up the whole
process to four webcams which have been
broadcasting everything
we're gonna do this amazing dish which
we've got these Madagascan balls my
touch you can even get to know them a
piece of you spray so we've got we've
got a shrimp we're going to do a really
cool um seaweed and chilli garnish and
then a great difference
so you've got this back boy here and
what we're gonna do is we need to take
the outer skin on so just get in here
and you just kind of pry it apart along
here and then you're just peeling it
over and now what we're gonna do is that
we're just gonna cook down the back top
yes okay Matt that's sort of like you
don't want to eat that it's not very
flavorful and then you see how it kind
of just and got the flying again so I've
just opened them up like that okay cool
now what I'm gonna do is going to make a
tempura batter it's super simple really
quick I think it's one of those dishes
that you want to learn how to do because
you can do it with vegetables you can do
it with fish you can do it with me
really awesome
then we've got some self raising flour
then we've got some corn flour and now
we're going to use a sparkling mineral
water you could use solar water but the
important thing is is that it's cold
it's really important that you do that
the consistency we're looking for is
that you want to whisk everything in
basically all those bubbles that are
going there are kind of lifting it and
that's gonna make it really light so
it's important to whisk all the flour
together and get a nice consistency that
when you put your finger in just coat
you don't want any lumps in there see
how it's just coating my finger perfect
you want it to be like
you've seen yourself pretty high-level
with this this new album you've
literally done it in more four weeks is
that right yeah we go we gave ourselves
five weeks to get finished and this
whole the way that we've done at this
process is that you've never been done
before so at no point in music does
anyone kind of opened up the recording
process to quite this degree but the
cameras are on all the time so they're
on all day and all night when I was
worried about the kind of things I was
like well hell is it more exciting to
get an album and hear it for the very
first time or to have heard it being
made and then hear the finished product
and its really unique isn't it that's
really interesting
okay so we've done the prawns we've got
the banner done now we're gonna get this
really cool season for the salt part
we're gonna use see ways if you can just
start pounding that down and then what
I'm gonna do is I've got these great
Mexican chili you do really smoky and so
I'm just gonna chop this down a little
bit now remember if you don't want the
heat leave these seeds out that's where
the fire is up I want a bit of fire and
then what I'm gonna do to add to that is
I'm just gonna put in here just there we
go perfect
that's delicious as it is but then we
want a really cool dipping sauce and I
love this different sauce and sweet
chili dipping sauce get that bad boy in
there and then the next one do you want
to put there is the the vinegar Park the
sour so in she goes and then we've got
some fish sauce a squirt of her I've
toasted up some sesame seeds they're
going in
and then this is she's gonna make it
really vibrant really Cindy really fresh
so we're just gonna get some coriander
and we're gonna get some mint you could
use other fresh vibrant herbs like dill
or parsley I'm just gonna blitz that so
now that that's done we're just gonna
get it just go sieve it through so we
just got the little bit because the big
one that overpower it
okay so perfect we're ready to start
frying it so and then just get the bad
boys you can take the heads off if you
want to I'm just going to put those in
make sure that they're all covered you
can still see the prawn underneath it so
it's light and then you hold it for a
little bit as if you just drop it
straight in it'll sink to the bottom
stick to the basket and you'll deliver
you'll kill somebody right Danny but I
can't do this anymore now they're gonna
cook for about a minute and a half two
minutes tops a hundred and ninety
degrees and you're just going to see
them turn a beautiful pink and then the
bats gonna be a beautiful golden color
they're gonna flip in taste worthy to
the max people and then a little thing
that just adds to the season in which is
just going to take it up a little bit
but it's gonna add so much he's a little
bit of lemon we just put a little bit in
without season
okay so trade off we'll just punch it
and then into the seasoning they go for
the hop so they're gonna pick up that
beautiful seaweed and the chilli and
just whack them on here and then we're
just gonna finish off with a nice wedge
that boy there and then we have the most
amazing tempura shrimp with seaweed and
pepper seasoning and a really cool
sweet-and-sour differences first let's
just get a bite and then now dipping
sauce
oh wow yeah so if you won this recipe
you can click here and you need to
subscribe for more of these awesome
recipes of Jamie's food tube I took out
those other bad boy chefs and then I
highly recommend this this is amazing
say was worth it so I'm spoon busking
this is new performer I'm John Coulter
have a good